- Oh, my. - Oh gosh.
- Gosh. - Oh, my.
Can they do that in school?
Gosh.
Eun Ho.
It's allowed?
- Gosh. - No!
It was great.
- Hello, Professor. - Hello.
Hello everyone.
But why are you looking at me like that?
Is this your first time seeing a pretty girl kissing?
- Yes, go and tell her off. - Don't pretend like you don't know.
- Stop pretending. - Why didn't you tell me?
I shouldn't have let you stay at my house.
Leave my house right away, scum.
It's not like that. It's...
Wait.
- Oh, my. - Oh, my.
Gosh, it's embarrassing.
It's too tight.
- Gosh. - Gosh.
What are you looking at?
- Girls, close your eyes. - Gosh, it's hot in here.
- Oh, my. - Gosh.
It's too hot in here.
What are you doing?
Don't look at her.
- What are you doing? - Gosh.
Did you know...
that I am...
taeyang physiological type?
That's why I'm always hot.
- Go away. - What? I don't want to.
- Let's go. - Isn't it hot in here?
Is there anyone with the same physiological type?
She wasn't like this a few days ago.
- Gosh. - Oh, my.
The genre changed.
It was great.
It's so different.
- Call me. - I can? I can?
What was that? Do you know him?
- No, I saw him for the first time. - What?
He said he liked me and wanted my number.
- You didn't give it to him, right? - I did. Why not?
Hey, how can you...
What? I can give my number to whomever I like.
Why are you doing this?
Don't you really know...
why I'm doing this?
This is one of the three questions that men hate being asked.
Why are you doing this?
Don't you really know why I'm doing this?
Don't you really know what day it is?
Don't you really know what you have done wrong?
- Do I need to tell you why? - Do I need to tell you why?
I didn't know I'd hear this from Ye Ri.
Why now?
Go on. Answer me.
Calm down. I can do this.
Think. Think. Think.
I know why you're doing this.
You do? What do you know?
You're angry because I didn't keep my promise.
I promised you that I won't tell anyone about us dating, but I did.
Do you really think that's why...
But I did that on purpose.
- What? - People were watching,
and I didn't want to tell them that we weren't dating.
I wanted to tell them that you were mine.
If I could, I want to tell everyone on earth...
that you are mine.
But I did break a promise. I'd like to apologize.
I'm sorry.
Look at him.
He's saying things that girls would love to hear.
He's good.
Honesty is the solution in such situation.
Well done, Yoo Eun Ho. It's done.
All right. Apology accepted.
But you need to go somewhere with me.
Where?
You're as good as dead today.
It's so fun!
- Don't raise my arm! - I will!
Don't. Don't!
Guys, wasn't this fun?
- Ye Ri wants to ride it again. - What?
Don't you want to go on the merry-go-round?
I thought you wanted to ride it.
Merry-go-round?
Why would I ride something like that?
- I want to do this one again. - What?
- I want this one. - I'm screwed.
Hurry. Hurry.
We're going down!
It's cold!
It's so fun.
Where are you going?
- I can't do this. - Let's go.
- We're going up the sky. - No.
- Don't. - Yes!
Hello.
Help! Is anyone there?
- Gosh. - I love you, Eun Ho!
This was so fun.
Let's do this one more time.
- Come on. Gyro Swing is that way. - Okay.
Okay. Okay.
I'll make you get sick of me so that...
you won't ever come near Ye Ri.
Let's go together.
Wait for me.
It's nice.
It's been a while.
Why aren't you drinking?
I don't feel like eating right now.
Are you done being angry with me?
Please forgive me.
Actually I'm not good with heights.
I'll take pictures of you riding them instead.
This is weird.
He should be irritated by now.
Is he stupid?
By the way, you're eating a lot today.
Didn't you have breakfast today?
I got you.
What about it?
What? No, I wasn't saying it's bad.
Do you think it's weird? Why?
Now we've come to this.
There's an answer to this question.
I have to tell her what she wants to hear.
If my hand wasn't injured, it would have been so easy.
Did Ye Ri used to ask such questions before?
No, that's not what's important.
Think. Concentrate, Eun Ho.
You can do this.
Think of all the cases and experiences you've had.
I think it's great that you're eating a lot. Eat up.
I can't believe this.
Do you want me to eat this all and become fat?
If you eat too much, it's not good for your health.
Do you think I'm a pig?
So you want to say that I should stop eating?
Answer the question. What's wrong with me eating?
Did you just laugh?
Did you laugh at me just now?
Stay still.
Gosh, you had ketchup on your mouth.
Whether you eat a lot or not and even if there's food on your lips,
You look pretty no matter what.
So please, let's stop this.
This is not like you.
I need to go to the bathroom.
Eat slowly.
What is he?
How can he avoid all the wrong answers?
This won't work.
I need something big.
I need something big that will make him...
dislike Han Ye Ri.
Why isn't she coming back from the bathroom?
Yoo Eun Ho!
I'm here!
What...
Yoo Eun Ho!
What do you think? Does it look nice on me?
I must have eaten too much. It feels a little tight.
Are you drunk?
Where did you get this?
My prince charming.
You should get dressed.
Me?
Who took clothes number seven for the princess?
Let it go. Let it go! Turn into ice.
You too, turn into ice!
Why don't they?
Why are you looking at me like that? Do I look weird?
No, it's pretty. It looks nice on you.
Are you sure?
You're not embarrassed of me?
No, you look like Elsa in a yellow dress.
Let's go. I'll take a picture of you.
He likes this?
Why would he like this?
Maybe...
he's a pervert.
I need to find out.
Wait for me!
(six dollars)
- Let me see. - Basic.
- Gosh. - Gosh.
Gosh.
Hey.
Don't lose this.
It looks so pretty.
I'm going to stick them on my phone.
Why would he and Ye Ri...
come here?
He wouldn't come looking at me now.
Now that I'm done with him, I should go back.
The parade will start in the square in a moment.
If you want to watch the parade,
come to the square by 6:30pm.
I should at least watch the parade.
My stomach keeps hurting.
Where was the bathroom again?
Excuse me.
Princess number seven.
Why aren't you on standby? It's nearly time.
What? Me?
Yes, you.
We've never met.
- Hurry. We're late. - Gosh.
- The number you have dialed... - Where did she go?
Seriously.
Hello.
Hello. Hello.
What are you doing there?
I had fun today.
Let's never meet again. Bye.
Are you out of your mind? Come down.
All right. Bye.
Come down here.
Bye. Bye.
Hey, you...
No, don't. Don't.
What's she doing?
- Oh, my. - What is she doing?
- Gosh. - Oh gosh.
Mom, this princess...
- threw up pizza. - Mom, she's a little strange.
- Gosh. - She's not like a princess.
Gosh, I feel like throwing up.
- Gosh. - Oh gosh.
Mom, I don't like this.
What's going on?
She's not pretty.
Ye Ri.
Gosh. Hey.
Ye Ri, are you all right?
Ye Ri.
What did I do yesterday?
Is this real?
Quietly.
Gosh.
How did you...
I know everything now.
Is this your house?
Don't you remember what happened yesterday?
I don't. I don't remember anything.
But why I am wearing this in his house?
This is...
different, but good.
How do I look?
You look different and beautiful.
How about me?
You look great in a uniform.
It couldn't have been.
No.
I know...
your secret.
What secret?
I didn't know you'd have a different side to you.
How did you...
Did you think I wouldn't notice?
If I didn't, were you going to hide it forever?
I...
tried to tell you.
But I couldn't.
But you should have.
If it was about something important like this, you should have.
I'm sorry.
Just be careful.
If you have a bad drinking habit, you shouldn't drink.
- A bad drinking habit? - Do you feel better?
I bought some medicine. Do you want some?
So you mean that I was drunk...
and acted weirdly?
Don't you remember what you did last night?
- Joo Seung. Joo Seung! - Gosh.
Hurry.
Hey, what's this?
Isn't this Ye Ri?
We can talk about this later.
- Gosh. - Oh, my.
Gosh.
Gosh, she smells of alcohol.
You should have taken her to her house. Why did you bring her here?
Hey.
Help me take this off.
Gosh, this is stuffy.
This one. Yes, this one.
What are you doing?
She asked me to take this off.
Go and bring her Min Jung's clothes.
- I'll take her clothes off first. - No.
- Gosh. - No.
No, no.
No, the bathroom is that way.
- Gosh, the smell. - No.
She ate it back?
She ate it.
Gosh.
Hey!
More sea snails please.
You had sea snails?
You scum.
How much did she drink? How can she throw up like this?
Don't make her drink so much.
And if you did, you should have solved it outside.
Gosh the smell.
Gosh.
Smell this, you scum.
Wait.
There's a sea snail.
- It's really big. - What?
What should I do?
- She thinks this is a sea snail. - What's going on?
Min Jung.
What's... What's all this?
Gosh!
Why did you make me do this in front of my sister?
Get up.
- Ye Ri. - Noodles are here too.
You two...
(Statement)
You should be relieved that it didn't get any more serious.
Dream World wanted to sue you for burglary.
But Eun Ho begged them not to.
Dream World?
They must have gone to Dream World.
What is it?
No, it's nothing.
(Statement)
The whole school must know that we're dating now.
Gosh, what should I do? It's driving me crazy.
Did anything strange happen?
No one is following you or bullying you?
I don't know. Why do you ask?
If you saw the face of the serial killer,
he probably saw your face as well.
It feels weird that nothing has happened.
If nothing has happened, that's a good thing.
By the way, what happened to your hand?
This?
I touched something sharp.
I see.
I remember her.
No wonder she looked so familiar.
It was her.
- Do you know her? - Yes.
It must have been three years ago.
A person has gone missing.
Something must have happened to him.
Please look for him.
- Wait. Wait. - Please.
If you're not his family,
you can't report him missing.
He's important as family to me.
Please. Please look for him.
Please.
Please. Please.
She kept coming here looking for him for a while.
I don't know if she's found him.
By the way, how do you know her?
I'm her boyfriend.
I shouldn't have said it.
You should just pretend...
not to know.
It happened in the past.
How did he and Ye Ri...
Are you doing this because you think I might have been seeing him?
But I don't think...
I should let this one slide.
[VIU Ver] E05 Meloholic "The Secret Revealed"
-= Ruo Xi =-
- Did you have fun yesterday? - What?
Yesterday?
Yes, it was fun.
It was nice to visit there again. It's been a while.
It's been...
five years.
I've never been there.
I see.
You said it was your first time yesterday, right?
Yes, it was my first time.
What did you enjoy the most?
Everything was fun.
It was my first time.
It was your first time...
so you liked everything?
Yes.
Don't you have anything you want to tell me?
No.
Are you sure?
Don't you have anything...
you want to tell me?
This wasn't me.
I didn't expect you to say that.
I thought you'd apologize...
or make excuses.
It's true.
This wasn't me.
I can explain...
Don't lie to me.
Please.
If you lie to me,
I have to see something that I don't want to see.
- It's just that... It's... - All right.
Let's talk about this later.
So, what are you going to do?
- I don't know. - Why do you still have that?
You said you could take it off now.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid of looking into her mind.
I'm afraid there may be something I shouldn't know about.
Maybe it's something you don't want to know.
You can be upset...
after you find out the truth.
Why would you make a guess and be scared?
Let's say she lied to you. So what?
Have you always been truthful to her?
Can you tell her everything about that hand?
You can't tell her that you can hear her thoughts when you hold her hand.
Everyone has their reasons.
If she's hiding something,
you need to wait until she can tell you the reason.
And you'd know whether she's been...
sincere or not, right?
Hello?
What's the matter?
Min Jung?
I need to go.
She left school early?
Yes.
Did anyone here ask for an inscription?
This is for Han Ye Ri.
- Yes. - Yes.
Did anyone here ask for an inscription?
This is for Han Ye Ri.
- Yes. - Yes.
Oh, my. You asked for the inscription under the same name.
This one is for Mr. Yoo Eun Ho.
I have your product ready for you. Come this way to check it.
Wait a moment. Yours will be ready soon.
Your girlfriend must have the same name as mine.
It's not a common name.
No, it's not.
We've been dating for more than three years.
You've been seeing her for a long time.
Something came up, and we grew apart.
But I want to make it work by giving her a ring.
She'll like it when I give it to her, right?
Yes, probably.
Bye.
What's going on? Is he off today?
(Big Brother)
My teacher must have called him.
Gosh, I'm so dead.
What should I do? What should I do?
Min Jung.
Hey!
I'm good at judging people.
I can feel what they're like with their first impression.
She seems like a vixen.
Gosh, Eun Ho doesn't know that.
Everyone has two sides.
If you truly love someone, you should be able to embrace them.
Like this story?
It's just a novel.
This doesn't happen in real life.
Sometimes, what happens in real life may seem more unreal than a novel.
And stories may seem more real than reality.
Oh, my.
Are you all right?
Yes.
It's not here.
Where could it be?
I can see everything.
I know who you are and
how honest and good you are.
I'm so happy to have met someone like you.
It's true.
It wasn't me.
I can explain...
I will tell you everything.
But I need to tell you something before I start.
I think I might have lost...
the necklace you gave me.
I'm sorry.
You lost the necklace?
Maybe I didn't lose it.
She might have gotten rid of it on purpose.
In fact,
the person that went to Dream World...
wasn't...
You...
had this?
Wait for me.
Hey, you left this.
Oh, my. It's broken.
I'll change the chain for you. I'll get the strongest one.
All right. Let's go.
Where?
You don't need to know. Let's go.
After changing the chain,
I've inscribed your initials.
Don't you remember?
That is...
Come to think of it, there have been so many strange things about this.
By the way, I've never been to Dream World.
I want to go there...
and ride the most boring rides.
But it seemed like you've been there a lot.
Come on. The Gyro Swing is that way.
Gosh.
You seemed like a different person.
This...
wasn't me.
It's true.
It wasn't me.
Tell me.
What were you...
going to say?
Ye Ri.
It's nice to see you again, Yoo Eun Ho.
Gosh, look at this.
She always wears dark and stuffy clothes.
Gosh.
It's so stuffy.
Why do you like her?
Gosh, I can't understand you.
Ye Ri.
Ye Ri is sleeping.
- What? - Ye Ri...
is sleeping up here.
I told her to.
This...
wasn't me.
It's true.
It wasn't me.
It can't be...
Let go of me.
Let go.
I can't help it.
Now that it's come to this, I need to see it for myself.
What?
Why would he and Ye Ri...
come here?
Now that I'm done with him, I should go back.
No, gosh.
1 plus 1 equals sea snail.
2 plus 2 equals sea snail.
- 3 plus 3 equals... - Sea snail.
That's right.
Gosh.
She's pretty.
Stop it.
Get out of the room now.
Wait, this is my room.
- Get out. - Get out!
What if she throws up sea snail on the bed?
- Get outside! - Be quiet.
- Get outside! - I'm sorry.
Get outside. I can't bear this.
Good night.
Stop it. It smells, you scum.
When she finds out where she is in the morning,
she'll be really surprised.
I'm going to sleep like Elsa in a yellow dress.
My job is done.
Hey.
Wake up.
Were you surprised?
I guess that's natural.
So, that wasn't...
Ye Ri?
Now you're thinking straight.
- I thought you were too stupid. - Wait.
That means...
Are you going out with Byung Cheol?
No.
You don't know what Go Eun...
I mean, what Ye Ri is like.
She's so different.
So, what Byung Cheol said...
Stop.
Don't talk about him. It was hard to dump him.
Gosh, don't.
Did you think that women would like this kind of present?
Gosh, men.
If you ever date anyone else,
don't give something like that.
Pretending to like a present...
is harder than it looks.
We've only met for a short while, but it was fun.
Bye.
Goodbye.
What is it now?
Now that you know everything,
don't follow me and get lost.
I...
need to talk to Ye Ri. What should I do?
I don't think she'll want to see you.
Don't act so indecently.
I think you should give her up now.
We'll take care of that.
- Stay out of this. - What?
Stay out of this.
If you say so.
You said you wanted to talk to her.
Don't move. Stay still.
So, you're saying...
that if you get asked out in front of people, she comes out?
Yes.
Her name is Han Ju Ri.
She has a name?
Anyway...
Han Ju Ri...
comes out?
Yes.
Is that why you wanted to...
keep us a secret?
You shouldn't have kept this a secret.
- I'm sorry. - When were you going to tell me?
If I hadn't asked, weren't you going to tell me?
You were going to keep seeing me and
laugh at my face...
while you were hiding such a big secret?
Did you think...
I wouldn't find out?
To you,
the fact that I was hiding something...
is more important to you...
than how I became like this and why?
It's all right.
I didn't...
expect you to understand me.
I'm really sorry I didn't tell you about this earlier.
I'm going.
- Hello, Professor. - Hello.
What's wrong?
Did something happen?
Why do they look so sad?
Why do you all look so sad?
Let's be happy.
- I... - What?
What?
What is it?
- Is something on my face? - No.
No?
I need to go and cook rice.
- Cook rice? - Yes.
- Have a good day. - Yes.
See you later. Have a good day.
Look at her running outfit.
She's so liberal. Do you know what that is?
She's so carefree that sometimes it's too much,
but she's a cool girl.
- Joo Seung. - What?
Do you know about this?
About what?
About her... I mean, him.
Him?
You know, the person that said...
"Have a good day."
Are you talking about Kyung Ae?
Are you making a joke to make me laugh?
It's not that. I felt him.
But I couldn't hear his thoughts.
I touched them. You're mistaken.
I thought I was too, but...
Why would you say it like that?
I checked that she had two boobs.
Look at the tightness.
He must have had a surgery.
Surgery?
Joo Seung.
Think carefully. Didn't anything seem strange?
In Lijiang, China,
there's a minority group called...
Let's talk about them later.
Kyung Ae, I didn't mean. I mean...
- Men there... - Yes?
never put women below them.
It's a matriarchal society.
Matriarchal society?
Yes, a matriarchal society.
But Kyung Ae...
But I'm the man here. I need to...
I mean...
2 multiplied by 2 is 2.
Until the East sea and Mountain Baekdu...
She talked about a minority group...
and its matriarchal society.
And when I tried to get on top, she'd come on top and...
- Gosh. - It's all right.
You are always there
I know you're the only one that will make me live right
You can't leave like this.
Let me go. There's nothing more to talk about.
Now that she's come out,
it's over.
What? Over?
When people see her,
they run because they're scared,
or tell me she's weird.
They don't want to get near me.
You'll be the same.
Don't be so sure.
It might not be the case.
I wanted to be a normal girlfriend for you.
A normal person like others.
Then you can stop her from coming out.
If I want to stop her,
you need to disappear from my sight.
We need to stop seeing each other to stop her.
Then what do you want me to do?
I'm sorry.
You shouldn't have started this in the first place.
Han Ye Ri.
You shouldn't have.
I probably have to hold on to you
- My wild thoughts and anxious looks - My wild thoughts and anxious looks
- You'll be watching all of this - You'll be watching all of this
- It'll probably be a war-like love - It'll probably be a war-like love
- Because I'm dangerous - Because I'm dangerous
- Because I love you - Because I love you
- I will leave you - I will leave you
(Ye Ri)
The phone is turned off. Please leave a message after the beep.
Why would she turn her phone off? It could be dangerous.
But I need to give this to her.
I even inscribed her initials.
And...
I'll get to see her again.
Ye Ri.
Ye Ri?
Ye Ri!
Are you all right? What happened?
What's with this outfit?
Run, Eun Ho!
Behind you...
You don't know what Go Eun...
I mean, what Ye Ri is like.
How different she is.
Even her name is pretty.
Han Ye Ri.
You...
(Meloholic)
I had a really bad dream.
You called me. That's how I woke up.
Kim Sun Ho can't do that to Ye Ri.
His name is Kim Sun Ho?
- You won't be able to stand her. - I can.
Gosh, I like this. You should go out with me.
Gosh.
You'll fall more and more in love with me.
All right.
Do you like it better with Ye Ri or Ju Ri?
- Good morning. - Go back inside.
You don't need to worry anymore.
Everything will be fine from now on.